The readme says, you know, here's the current state of the project that you're in. Like, what am I trying to accomplish? You know, who's the owner? What are problems that we, you know, we face during this working session? You know, when should this be reviewed? What else in the company does it relate to? And it does a comparison. So, anytime I ask, it to build something for me you know it goes back somewhere in here and it goes to our company spec that says you know here's our mission here's our guard rails here's our guiding principles.
00:29:59 Travis 
and it says is this new process that i'm building or this new legal document or this new, product management tool is this in line with my company's mission guiding principles and operating procedures so that you know every time somebody interacts with the agent the agent is taking into consideration all of those things with everything that it builds right and then there's another agent that that goes through and looks uh.
00:30:34 Travis 
it looks for consistency, there's another agent that goes through and looks for PII and security breaches, you know, and, you know, so one person is able to sort of build all of this stuff. And so now whenever anybody joins the company, you know, they don't necessarily have to know every process and every everything, they start chatting with the agent and the agent can say, you know, hey, it sounds like, you know, maybe you have a misunderstanding of what this process is, you know,
00:31:06 Travis 
new hires are supposed to go through this. And here's some of the key concepts that you need to know. Because everything is documented, and structured and so forth. So I'm able to hire good people on board and, you know, being productive, but creating leveraging AI to create guardrails, and to keep everyone aligned, right, because, you know, every decision, you know, every decision that gets created, written down, whatever, you know, is codified.
00:31:42 Travis 
And so, you know, again, eventually, you know, this all becomes transparent to the user. But yeah, so that's, and it's easy, it's honestly, it's relatively easy to build this stuff. But exactly like you said, you know, it's actually going back and forth with me, because I've written the prompt in such a way that I said, I don't want you to just tell me, yes, I want you to identify all the issues. I want you to be, you know, constructive,
00:32:15 Travis 
but challenge me, you know. But if you don't know that you can, you know, customize the way that you interact with AI, you know, then you're just going to be used to getting Google type responses. And that's what 99% of the population today are doing.
00:32:33 Speaker 3 
that's what we're trying to fix and that's nice i'm just trying to rephrase it all the time but essentially you know i mean it's a b2b idea at first i think so i mean so that's that's actually.
00:32:47 Travis 
one of the questions that i don't have a clear answer on you know i mean if i think about it like if i go and i sit down with a cfo you know and i or a ceo and i say okay you know i can show you your roi because you know if we run for the first weeks or month or something and we just watch people's existing processes you know i can say before they worked you know four hours a week building powerpoints and now they you know can do the same thing in 15 minutes that's a pretty fast roi statement so yes i mean i think that you know b2b is probably a good use case but.
00:33:23 Travis 
If I think about the SMB business, it's huge if you can get to it and if you don't have to invest sales people's time getting there. And if you think about every small business today, they want more time with their kids. They want to not get run out of business by big business. And so you may find actually an even faster ROI, shorter sales cycles with the SMB market.
00:33:56 Travis 
And honestly, you could even sell straight to consumers. So I don't know the answer. I think we're trying to figure that out right now. We'll test all of the above, I think, as soon as we're ready to launch. um but my guess is we'll have sales teams um and then you know they're mainly focused on enterprise, and then the smb and consumer market will do through massive marketing campaigns, so but conceivably almost everyone on earth is you know a potential consumer so.
00:34:30 Speaker 3 
but i mean sorry this crossover no if i'm just thinking about the german market i think the smb is actually the smartest way to go right because they have the sweet spot of, sometimes having a lot of revenue the sweden champions, but they can't find any personnel to do anything because they all go to siemens whatever.
00:34:53 Travis 
and then you tell them exactly. In Spain, that's the truth too. So, you know, it could be that, you know, we mainly focus on hiring the sales team in the US and, you know, and we mostly focus on S&B in Europe. And honestly, I think Europe in general is further behind on AI adoption anyways. You know, so, but yeah, I mean, you're spot on. Anyways, I just, I just wanted to run the idea by you and, you know, I would love any, you know, any feedback and questions and maybe.
00:35:28 Travis 
take the weekend to think about it. And if you want to chat again next week, I really value, you know, your input. You may come up with stuff that I hadn't even thought of. But, you know, and again, there's no rush, but if it's something you'd be interested in, even if it were sort of part time or something, you know, I'm trying to build out the team and see where it goes.
00:35:53 Speaker 3 
no i'll definitely think about it again uh as you see i already, started to allocate some cpu to it um yeah definitely let me think about it uh i'll send you my number because i think it's easier to just yeah chat via whatever, as a german of course i use signal or whatever i mean.
00:36:19 Travis 
so if i have telegram i don't think i should probably have signal but i don't message is.
