{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red235\green239\blue242;\red0\green0\blue0;\red41\green72\blue138;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red46\green49\blue51;\red24\green24\blue24;\red13\green62\blue197;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c93725\c94902\c96078;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c20784\c36471\c61176;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c23529\c25098\c26275;\cssrgb\c12157\c12157\c12157;\cssrgb\c4314\c34118\c81569;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3  \'93Introduction to Generative AI\'94.
\fs28 \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 \
00:10\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Don't know what that is?
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
00:11\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Then you're in the perfect place.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
00:13\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 I'm Roger Martinez and I am a Developer Relations Engineer at Google Cloud and it's my job to help developers learn to use Google Cloud.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
00:21\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 In this course, I'll teach you 4 things.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
00:24\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 How to define generative AI, Explain how generative AI works, Describe generative AI model types, Describe generative AI applications.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
00:34\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 But let's not get swept away with all that yet.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
00:38\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Let's start by defining what generative AI is first.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
00:42\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Generative AI has become a buzzword, but what is it?
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
00:46\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Generative AI is a type of artificial intelligence technology that can produce various types of content, including text, imagery, audio, and synthetic data.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
00:57\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 But, what is artificial intelligence?
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
01:00\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Since we are going to explore Generative Artificial Intelligence, let\'92s provide a bit of context.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
01:07\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Two very common questions asked are: What is artificial intelligence, and what is the difference between AI and machine learning?
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
01:17\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Let's get into it.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
01:18\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 So one way to think about it is that AI is a discipline, like how physics is a discipline of science.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
01:24\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 AI is a branch of computer science that deals with the creation of intelligent agents, and are systems that can reason, learn, and act autonomously.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
01:34\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Are you with me so far?
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
01:35\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Essentially, AI has to do with the theory and methods to build machines that think and act like humans.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
01:42\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Pretty simple right?
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
01:44\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Now let's talk about machine learning.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
01:47\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Machine learning, is a subfield of AI.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
01:50\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 It is a program or system that trains a model from input data.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
01:55\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 The trained model can make useful predictions from new (never-before-seen) data drawn from the same one used to train the model.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
02:03\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 This means that machine learning gives the computer the ability to learn without explicit programming.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
02:09\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 So what do these Machine Learning models look like?
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
02:11\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Two of the most common classes of machine learning models are unsupervised and supervised ML models.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
02:18\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 The key difference between the two is that with supervised models, we have labels.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
02:24\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Labeled data is data that comes with a tag, like a name, a type, or a number.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
02:31\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Unlabeled data is data that comes with no tag.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
02:35\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 So what can you do with supervised and unsupervised models?
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
02:39\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 This graph is an example of the sort of problem that a supervised model might try to solve.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
02:44\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 For example, let\'92s say you are the owner of a restaurant, what type of food do they serve?
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
02:50\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Let's say pizza, or dumplings; no, let's say pizza, I like pizza.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
02:57\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Anyway...
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
02:58\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 You have historical data of the bill amount and how much different people tipped based on the order type - pick-up or delivery.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
03:06\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 In Supervised Learning, the model learns from past examples to predict future values.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
03:11\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Here, the model uses the total bill amount data to predict the future tip amount (based on whether an order was picked-up or delivered).
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
03:19\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Also, people - tip your delivery drivers, they work really hard!
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
03:25\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 This is an example of the sort of problem that an unsupervised model might try to solve.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
03:29\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Here, you want to look at tenure and income, and then group or cluster employees, to see whether someone is on the fast track.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
03:36\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Nice work blue shirt!
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
03:39\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Unsupervised problems are all about discovery, about looking at the raw data, and seeing if it naturally falls into groups.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
03:46\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 This is a good start but let's go a little deeper to show this difference graphically because understanding these concepts is the foundation for your understanding of generative AI.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
03:56\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 In supervised learning, testing data values (\'93x\'94) are input into the model.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
04:01\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 The model outputs a prediction and compares it to the training data used to train the model.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
04:07\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 If the predicted test data values and actual training data values are far apart, that is called "error".
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
04:14\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 The model tries to reduce this error until the predicted and actual values are closer together.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
04:20\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 This is a classic optimization problem.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
04:23\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 So let's check in.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
04:25\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 So far, we've explored the differences between artificial intelligence and machine learning, and supervised and unsupervised learning.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
04:32\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 That's a good start.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
04:33\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 But what's next?
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
04:36\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Let's briefly explore where deep learning fits as a subset of ML methods.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
04:41\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 And then I promise we'll start talking about GenAI.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
04:44\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 While machine learning is a broad field that encompasses many different techniques, deep learning is a type
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
04:49\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 of machine learning that uses artificial neural networks, allowing them to process more complex patterns than machine learning.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
04:58\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Artificial neural networks are inspired by the human brain.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
05:01\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Pretty cool huh?
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
05:03\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Like your brain, they are made up of many interconnected nodes, or neurons, that can learn to perform tasks by processing data and making predictions.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
05:13\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Deep learning models typically have many layers of neurons, which allows them to learn more complex patterns than traditional machine learning models.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
05:22\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Neural networks can use both labeled and unlabeled data.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
05:25\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 This is called semi-supervised learning.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
05:28\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 In semi-supervised learning, a neural network is trained on a small amount of labeled data and a large amount of unlabeled data.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
05:36\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 The labeled data helps the neural network to learn the basic concepts of the tasks, while the unlabeled data helps the neural network to generalize to new examples.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
05:47\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Now we finally get to where generative AI fits into this AI discipline!
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
05:51\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Gen AI is a subset of deep learning, which means it uses Artificial Neural Networks, can process both labeled and unlabeled data, using supervised, unsupervised, and semi-supervised methods.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
06:05\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Large Language Models are also a subset of Deep Learning.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
06:07\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 See?
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
06:08\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 I told you I'd bring it all back to GenAI.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
06:11\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Good job me.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
06:13\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Deep learning models (or machine learning models in general) can be divided into two types \'96 generative and discriminative.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
06:21\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 A discriminative model is a type of model that is used to classify or predict labels for data points.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
06:27\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Discriminative models are typically trained on a dataset of labeled data points, and they learn the relationship between the features of the data points and the labels.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
06:37\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Once a discriminative model is trained, it can be used to predict the label for new data points.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
06:44\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 A generative model generates new data instances based on a learned probability distribution of existing data.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
06:51\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Generative models generate new content.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
06:54\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Take this example.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
06:55\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Here, the discriminative model \uc0\u8204 learns the conditional probability distribution or the probability of \'93y\'94 (our output) given \'93x\'94 (our input), that
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
07:03\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 this is a dog and classifies it as a dog and not a cat, which is great because I'm allergic to cats.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
07:12\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 The generative model \uc0\u8204 learns the joint probability distribution (or the probability of x and
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
07:17\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 y) p(x,y) and predicts the conditional probability that this is a dog and can then generate a picture of a dog.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
07:26\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Good boy, I'm going to name him Fred.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
07:31\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 To summarize, generative models can generate new data instances and discriminative models discriminate between different kinds of data instances.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
07:41\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 One more quick example.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
07:43\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 The top image shows a traditional machine learning model which attempts to learn the relationship between the data and the label (or what you want to predict).
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
07:52\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 The bottom image shows a Generative AI Model which attempts to learn patterns on content so that it can generate new content.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
08:00\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 So what if someone challenges you to a game of "Is it GenAI or not?"
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
08:05\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 I've got your back.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
08:08\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 This illustration shows a good way to distinguish between what is GenAI and what is not.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
08:13\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 It is NOT GenAI when the output (or "y\'94, or label) is a number, or a class (for example - spam or not spam), or a probability.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
08:26\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 It IS GenAI when the output is natural language (like speech or text), audio, or an image like Fred from before, for example.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
08:37\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Let's get a little mathy to really show the difference.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
08:41\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Visualizing this mathematically would look like this.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
08:43\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 If you haven't seen this for awhile, the Y=f
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
08:46\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 (x) equation calculates the dependent output of a process given different inputs.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
08:51\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 The \'93Y\'94 stands for the model output, the \'93f\'94 embodies the function used in the calculation (or model), and the \'93X\'94 represents the input or inputs used for the formula.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
09:04\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 As a reminder, inputs are the data, like comma separated value files, text files, audio files or image files like Fred.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
09:13\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 So, the model output is a function of all the inputs.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
09:18\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 If the \'93y\'94 is a number - like predicted sales - it is not Generative AI.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
09:24\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 If \'93y\'94 is a sentence like \'93Define sales\'94, it is generative, as the question would elicit a text response.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
09:33\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 The response would be based on all the massive large data the model was already trained on.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
09:38\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 So, the traditional ML Supervised Learning process takes training code and labeled data to build a model.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
09:46\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Depending on the use case or problem, the model can give you a prediction, classify something, or cluster something.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
09:53\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Now let's check out how much more robust the Generative AI process is in comparison.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
09:59\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 The generative AI process can take training code, labeled data, and unlabeled data of all data types and build a \'93foundation model\'94.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
10:09\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 The foundation model can then generate new content.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
10:12\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 It can generate text, code, images, audio, video, and more.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
10:19\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 We've come a long way from traditional programming, to neural networks, to generative models!
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
10:24\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 In traditional programming, we used to have to hard code the rules for distinguishing a cat: type: animal, legs: 4, ears: 2, fur: yes, likes: yarn, catnip, dislikes: Fred.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
10:43\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 In the wave of neural networks, we could give the network pictures of cats and dogs and ask: \'93Is this a cat\'94?
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
10:50\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 And it would predict a cat; or not a cat.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
10:53\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 What's really cool is that in the generative wave, we - as users - can generate our own content - whether it be text, images, audio, video, or more.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
11:03\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 For example, models like Gemini (Google\'92s multimodal AI model) or LaMDA (Language Model for Dialogue Applications) ingest very, very large data from multiple sources across the Internet
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
11:14\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 and build foundation language models we can use simply by asking a question - whether typing it into a prompt or verbally talking into the prompt itself.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
11:23\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 So, when you ask it \'93what\'92s a cat\'94, it can give you everything it has learned about a cat.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
11:30\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Now let's make things a little more formal with an official definition.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
11:35\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 What is Generative AI?
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
11:37\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 GenAI is a type of Artificial Intelligence that creates new content based on what it has learned from existing content.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
11:45\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 The process of learning from existing content is called training and results in the creation of a statistical model.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
11:53\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 When given a prompt, GenAI uses this statistical model to predict what an expected response might be\'96and this generates new content.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
12:01\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 It learns the underlying structure of the data and can then generate new samples that are similar to the data it was trained on.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
12:09\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Like I mentioned earlier, a generative language model can take what it has learned from the examples it\'92s been shown and create something entirely new based on that information.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
12:18\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 That's why we use the word \'93generative.\'94
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
12:22\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 But large language models, which generate novel combinations of text in the form of natural-sounding language, are only one type
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
12:29\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 of generative AI A generative image model takes an image as input and can output text, another image, or video.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
12:37\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 For example, under the output text, you can get visual question and answering.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
12:42\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 While under output image, an image completion is generated, and under output video, animation is generated.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
12:49\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 A generative language model takes text as input and can output more text, an image, audio, or decisions.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
12:55\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 For example, under the output text, question and answering is generated, and under output image a video is generated.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
13:03\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 I mentioned that generative language models learn about patterns in language through training data.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
13:08\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Check out this example.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
13:10\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Based on things learned from its training data, it offers predictions of how to complete this sentence.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
13:16\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 \'93I'm making a sandwich with peanut butter and... jelly.\'94
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
13:20\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Pretty simple right?
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
13:23\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 So, given some text, it can predict what comes next.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
13:27\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Thus, generative language models are pattern-matching systems.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
13:31\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 They learn about patterns based on the data you provide.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
13:34\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Here is the same example using Gemini, which is trained on a massive amount of text data, and
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
13:39\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 is able to communicate and generate human-like text in response to a wide range of prompts and questions.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
13:45\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 See how detailed the response can be?
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
13:48\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Here is another example that's just a little more complicated than peanut butter and jelly sandwiches.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
13:54\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 The meaning of life is: And even with a more ambiguous question Gemini gives you a contextual answer and then shows the highest probability response.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
14:04\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 The power of Generative AI comes from the use of transformers.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
14:09\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Transformers produced the 2018 revolution in Natural Language Processing.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
14:14\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 At a high-level, a transformer model consists of an encoder and a decoder.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
14:19\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 The encoder encodes the input sequence and passes it to the decoder, which learns how to decode the representations for a relevant task.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
14:28\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Sometimes, transformers runs into issues though.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
14:32\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Hallucinations are words or phrases that are generated by the model that are often nonsensical or grammatically incorrect.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
14:39\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 See, not great?
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
14:42\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Hallucinations can be caused by a number of factors, like when the model: is not trained on enough
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
14:48\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 data, is trained on noisy or dirty data, is not given enough context, or is not given enough constraints.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
14:56\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Hallucinations can be a problem for Transformers because they can make the output text difficult to understand.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
15:02\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 They can also make the model more likely to generate incorrect or misleading information.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
15:07\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 So put simply... hallucinations are bad.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
15:11\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Let's pivot slightly and talk about prompts.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
15:14\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 A prompt is a short piece of text that is given to a large language model, or LLM,
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
15:20\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 as input, and it can be used to control the output of the model in a variety of ways.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
15:25\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Prompt design is the process of creating a prompt that will generate the desired output from an LLM.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
15:32\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Like I mentioned earlier, Generative AI depends a lot on the training data that you have fed into it.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
15:38\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 It analyzes the patterns and structures of the input data, and thus \'93learns.\'94
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
15:42\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 But with access to a browser based prompt, you the user can generate your own content.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
15:49\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 So let's talk a little bit about the model types available to us when text is our input, and how
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
15:53\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 they can be helpful in solving problems, like never being able to understand my friends when they talk about soccer.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
16:00\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 The first is..
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
16:04\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 . Text-to-Text.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
16:04\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Text-to-text models take a natural language input and produce text output.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
16:08\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 These models are trained to learn the mapping between a pair of texts.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
16:11\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 For example, translating from one language to others.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
16:14\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 For example, translating from one language to others.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
16:16\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Next we have Text-to-image.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
16:17\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Text-to-image models are trained on a large set of images, each captioned with a short text description.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
16:26\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Diffusion is one method used to achieve this.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
16:30\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 There's also text-to-video and text-to-3D.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
16:34\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Text-to-video models aim to generate a video representation from text input.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
16:38\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 The input text can be anything from a single sentence to a full script, and the output is a video that corresponds to the input text.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
16:46\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Similarly, Text-to-3D models generate three-dimensional objects that correspond to a user\'92s text description, for use in games or other 3D worlds.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
16:57\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 And finally there's Text-to-task.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
16:59\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Text-to-task models are trained to perform a defined task or action based on text input.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
17:04\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 This task can be a wide range of actions such as answering a question, performing a search, making a prediction, or taking some sort of action.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
17:13\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 For example, a text-to-task model could be trained to navigate a web user interface or make changes to a doc through a graphical user interface.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
17:21\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 See, with these models I can actually understand what my friends are talking about when the game is on.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
17:27\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Another model that's larger than those I mentioned is a foundation model, which is a large AI model pre-trained on a vast quantity
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
17:34\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 of data "designed to be adapted\'94 (or fine-tuned) to a wide range of downstream tasks, such as sentiment analysis, image captioning, and object recognition.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
17:46\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Foundation models have the potential to revolutionize many industries, including healthcare, finance, and customer service.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
17:52\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 They can even be used to detect fraud and provide personalized customer support.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
17:57\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 If you're looking for foundation models, Vertex AI offers a Model Garden that includes Foundation Models.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
18:04\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 The language Foundation Models include chat, text, and code.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
18:09\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 The Vision Foundation models includes stable diffusion, which has been shown to be effective at generating high-quality images from text descriptions.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
18:16\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Let\'92s say you have a use case where you need to gather sentiments about how your
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
18:20\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 customers feel about your product or service, you can use the classification task sentiment analysis task model.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
18:27\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Same for vision tasks - if you need to perform occupancy analytics, there is a task-specific model for your use case.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
18:36\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 So those are some examples of foundation models we can use, but can GenAI help with code for your apps?
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
18:43\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Absolutely!
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
18:43\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Shown here are generative AI applications.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
18:46\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 You can see there's quite a lot.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
18:48\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Let\'92s look at an example of code generation shown in the second block under code at the top.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
18:54\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 In this example, I\'92ve input a code file conversion problem - converting from Python to JSON.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
19:00\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 I use Gemini and insert into the prompt box \'93I have a Pandas DataFrame with two
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
19:06\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 columns \'96 one with the filename and one with the hour in which it is generated.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
19:11\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 I am trying to convert it into a JSON file in the format shown on screen.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
19:16\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Gemini returns the steps I need to do this.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
19:18\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 And here my output is in a JSON format.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
19:21\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Pretty cool huh?
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
19:22\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Well get ready, it gets even better.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
19:25\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 I happen to be using Google\'92s free-browser based Jupyter Notebook and can simple export the Python code to Google\'92s Colab.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
19:32\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 So to summarize, Gemini code generation can help you: Debug your lines of source code, Explain your code to you line
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
19:41\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 by line, Craft SQL queries for your database, Translate code from one language to another, Generate documentation and tutorials for source code.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
19:49\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 I'm going to tell you about three other ways Google Cloud can help you get more out of generative AI.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
19:55\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 The first is Vertex AI Studio.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
19:59\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Vertex AI Studio lets you quickly explore and customize generative AI models that you can leverage in your applications on Google Cloud.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
20:08\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Vertex AI Studio helps developers create and deploy generative AI models by providing a variety of tools and resources that make it easy to get started.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
20:19\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 For example, there is a: library of pre-trained models, tool for fine-tuning models, tool for deploying models to production, and community forum for developers to share ideas and collaborate.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
20:31\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Next, we have Vertex AI which is particularly helpful for all of you who don't have much coding experience.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
20:38\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 You can build generative AI search and conversations for customers and employees with Vertex AI Agent Builder (formerly Vertex AI Search and Conversation).
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
20:48\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Build with little or no coding and no prior machine learning experience.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
20:53\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Vertex AI can help you create your own: chatbots, digital assistants, custom search engines, knowledge bases, training applications, and more.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
21:05\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Lastly there is Gemini, a multimodal AI model.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
21:10\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Unlike traditional language models, it's not limited to understanding text alone.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
21:15\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 It can analyze images, understand the nuances of audio, and even interpret programming code.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
21:21\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 This allows Gemini to perform complex tasks that were previously impossible for AI.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
21:27\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Due to its advanced architecture, Gemini is incredibly adaptable and scalable making it suitable for diverse applications.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
21:35\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Model Garden is continuously updated to include new models.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
21:40\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 And now you know absolutely everything about Generative AI.
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
21:43\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Okay, maybe you don't know everything, but you definitely know the basics!
\f0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
21:47\

\f1\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 Thank you for watching our course and make sure to check out our other videos if you want to learn more about how you can use AI!\
\
\
\
\
QUIZ\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf7 \cb5 \strokec7 1.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \AppleTypeServices \cf7 \cb5 What is an example of both a generative AI model and a discriminative AI model?
\f1 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \AppleTypeServices \cf7 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf7 \cb5 A generative AI model could be trained on a dataset of images of cats and then used to classify new images of cats. A discriminative AI model could be trained on a dataset of images of cats and dogs and then used to predict new images as either cats or dogs.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \AppleTypeServices \cf7 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf7 \cb5 A generative AI model could be trained on a dataset of images of cats and dogs and then used to classify new images as either cats or dogs. A discriminative AI model could be trained on a dataset of images of cats and then used to generate new images of cats.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \AppleTypeServices \cf7 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf7 \cb5 A generative AI model could be trained on a dataset of images of cats and then used to generate new images of cats. A discriminative AI model could be trained on a dataset of images of cats and dogs and then used to classify new images as either cats or dogs.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \AppleTypeServices \cf7 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf7 \cb5 A generative AI model could be trained on a dataset of images of cats and then used to cluster images of cats. A discriminative AI model could be trained on a dataset of images of cats and dogs and then used to predict as either cats or dogs.\cb1 \
\cb5 2.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \AppleTypeServices \cf7 \cb5 What is a prompt?
\f1 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \AppleTypeServices \cf7 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf7 \cb5 A prompt is a pre-trained generative AI model that serves as a starting point for fine-tuning and customizing the generation of specific types of content.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \AppleTypeServices \cf7 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf7 \cb5 A prompt is a short piece of text that is used to train the large language model.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \AppleTypeServices \cf7 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf7 \cb5 A prompt is a long piece of text that is used to debug the large language model.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \AppleTypeServices \cf7 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf7 \cb5 A prompt is a short piece of text that is given to the large language model as input, and it can be used to control the output of the model in many ways.\cb1 \
\cb5 3.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \AppleTypeServices \cf7 \cb5 What is Generative AI?:
\f1 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \AppleTypeServices \cf7 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf7 \cb5 Generative AI is a type of artificial intelligence (AI) that can create new content, such as text, images, audio, and video.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \AppleTypeServices \cf7 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf7 \cb5 Generative AI is a type of artificial intelligence (AI) that can create new content which guarantees accuracy and truthfulness.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \AppleTypeServices \cf7 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf7 \cb5 Generative AI is a type of artificial intelligence (AI) that can generate new and original ideas or solutions without being trained on existing data.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \AppleTypeServices \cf7 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf7 \cb5 Generative AI is a type of artificial intelligence (AI) that is designed to generate unbiased opinions in the content it produces.\cb1 \
\cb5 4.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \AppleTypeServices \cf7 \cb5 Hallucinations are words or phrases that are generated by the model that are often nonsensical or grammatically incorrect. What are some factors that can cause hallucinations? Select three options.
\f1 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs22 \AppleTypeServices \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf7 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf7 \cb5 The model is trained on too much data.
\f1 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs22 \AppleTypeServices \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf7 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf7 \cb5 The model is not trained on enough data
\f1 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs22 \AppleTypeServices \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf7 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf7 \cb5 The model is not given enough context.
\f1 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs22 \AppleTypeServices \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf7 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf7 \cb5 The model is trained on noisy or dirty data.
\f1 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb5 5.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \AppleTypeServices \cf7 \cb5 What are foundation models in Generative AI?
\f1 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \AppleTypeServices \cf7 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf7 \cb5 A foundation model is used to create new types of software that can generate different types of content.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \AppleTypeServices \cf7 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf7 \cb5 A foundation model is the first step in the generative AI process, responsible for creating the basic building blocks that are used to create more complex models.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \AppleTypeServices \cf7 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf7 \cb5 A foundation model is used to improve the performance of other models by fine-tuning other models, which can help them to learn how to generate more accurate and realistic content.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \AppleTypeServices \cf7 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf7 \cb5 A foundation model is a large AI model pretrained on a vast quantity of data that was "designed to be adapted\'94 (or fine-tuned) to a wide range of downstream tasks, such as sentiment analysis, image captioning, and object recognition.\cb1 \
}