# Predicting the Future

People are bad at exponentials - really bad!  My favorite example to get people to realize this is to ask how many times do you need to fold a piece of (very large) paper such that it reaches the moon.  What do you think?  I have heard guesses from thousands to billions, but as humans we struggle to even think in exponential terms.  We do good with addition, and most of us memorized our multiplication tables, but what is 2^32?  That is how many times you have to fold the paper to reach the moon… 32 times (give or take depending on the thickness of the paper).

We are living in an age of exponentials, but we are a people who tend to get trapped by the hear and now.   If you, as a business leader or even as an individual, aren't thinking about how the world will change in the next 10 years with exponential improvements in technology, then you are going to get left behind by the people who do.  I am not saying that technology will leave you behind because technology is just a tool.  But like any tool, it can be really powerful in the hands of people who know how to use it effectively.

I studied to be an economist in college and I remember thinking "how in the world are we supposed to predict what will happen in the future when it is based on what billions of individual decision-makers, with individual motivations, individual problems, individual backgrounds & experiences will do?"  Its impossible.  That is why my favorite Economist Youtuber starts off every talk with "nobody can predict the future, least of economists."  But there are some ideas that are mostly universal.  The more educated a population is, generally the better off they are.  That is why governments, NGOs, and businesses spend billions on educating people, but every person learns in a different way.    Our starting point is different.  We also have different goals.  A kid growing up in a village in the Darien jungle in Panama needs different skills than I need as an entrepreneur.  But, doesn't that apply to all of us, to every business?

That is the foundation of what we believe at Ai First.  For the first time in history we are developing the technology to meet people where they are and help them get to where they need to get to.  We can build custom solutions to every problem.  There will still be many problems out there that are similar enough that someone will build a solution at scale, and along with it a succesful business.  But as the way the world works changes at an expenential pace, we need to be looking forward and asking "what role do I want to play?"  Will your job even exist the same way it is today in 10 years, in 5 years, in 1 year?  Probably not, but that doesn't have to be a scary thought.  Instead, that is what gives me hope!  Because there are more problems than there are people to solve them, we will always need people who are creative and know how to use the right tools to come up with solutions.  Ai isn't good at identifying what needs to be done or why, but people are!  Ai is good at coming up with ways to solve problems and, through tireless iteration, executing on solutions and improving until it solves problems that people tell it to work on.

That is why we decided to create Ai First.  We believe in people!  We believe in a future where people and machines work hand in hand towards common, human-defined, goals.  Our job is to empower people to thrive in this new exponentially changing world.  Together we can build a better world.
