So it's interesting, right? You know, and honestly, this is kind of why I wanted to talk to you because I mean, your PhD was in like big data, something along those lines, right. 
00:10:32 Speaker 3 
In combinatorics, extreme and probabilistic combinatorics, some foundations of machine learning, but the theory part of it. And for me, this big data was always boring because it's just linear algebra. Mathematically, that wasn't super interesting.
00:10:51 Travis 
The so so, you know, what I I guess what I find, like, I always try to take a step back and I'm like, OK, what do I believe? Right. And, you know, where I think people are kind of getting it wrong is I personally believe in people, in human beings. I think human beings are creative. We, you know, have personal motivations which can cause, you know, can enable us to overcome, you know, what appear to be insurmountable challenges.
00:11:26 Travis 
And humans are really good at the what needs to happen and why, you know, whereas I think AI is really good at the, you know, how should I go about this? And then the execution. And and I think that's where, you know, a lot of people are really missing it. Right. You know, they're. you know, and all my customers right now, you know, are saying more or less the same thing. They're like, look, you know, we're looking for that killer use case, that thing. And I'm like,
00:11:58 Travis 
so you at an executive level are not the person who's going to identify the, and it's not a killer use case. There's going to be, you know, 8 billion killer use cases. And every one of them is going to be a little bit different because every company, every team, every problem is a little bit different. and so you know my my strategy right is is instead of focusing on you know and don't get me wrong, there's companies out there i think that are doing a great job of identifying certain use cases that.
00:12:33 Travis 
are somewhat scalable and they'll do great right but if we want this to work at scale i i think it boils down to enabling like human machine communication and collaboration like that that's really the key and so you know so you know so my my you know my partner like i said you know today so he he does a lot of classes for like the spanish government um especially like research scientists and all that sort of stuff.
00:13:03 Travis 
And so, you know, they pull them out of their research, their day job, or he's got pharmaceutical companies and sales teams, you know, all kinds of people. But imagine a sales team, you know, let's say you recognize that you need your sales team to be better at working with AI. So you pull them out of the field for even more enablement on top of all the other crap they have to do. Now they're not selling, they're going to get frustrated, they're going to sit in this class for a week and work on emails half the time. They're going to retain, you know, 10, 15%,
00:13:34 Travis 
whatever it is. And, you know, and then they're going to go back and they're going to say, you know, they're going to try it once and not get the result they expect. And they're going to screw this. I'm going to do it the same way I've always done it. That's just human nature. Right. And so, you know, I started working with him and I said, you know, what if we could. Drop an agent, you know right on somebody's desktop or on their mobile device or whatever that, Could sort of you know coach them as they actually do their day-to-day work, you know.
00:14:06 Travis 
I mean I start with with a low-hanging fruit the really easy stuff like, you know Whenever somebody opens up PowerPoint and starts actually creating a PowerPoint deck you say no, no, You know if you just start by kind of observing for the first week or two, you can say hey, In the last two weeks you spent eight hours building PowerPoint decks or you know Pulling content from other people's decks and trying to combine stuff and you could say, Wouldn't it be great if you could just let a I kind of get you 80 90% of the way there.
00:14:36 Travis 
Let me show you what the best, Practices the tools that are approved by your company are and guide you through this process, right? You know now then if you can build that tool that can identify, you know patterns, people do and you know processes and tools they use and so forth and identify build kind of a library of best practices and you know and what are the best tools today because it's impossible to keep up and I'm doing this full-time.
00:15:09 Travis 
right now and it's impossible for me to keep up with whatever the best tools are that are out there changes every week, And so if you have something that just lives on your desktop, you know, and I envision, do you remember Clippy? I don't know if you're old enough. So I envisioned it like Clippy, you know, the little smiley face there saying, you know, Hey, I'm just here to help. You know, imagine a little agent like that, that can see kind of, you know, what you're working on, and, and, and just make recommendations to help you get better at the human AI collaboration,
00:15:41 Travis 
not something that replaces all those tools, right? I'm not going to replace Chad to BT or co-pilot or whatever, you know, but instead just helps you to a, you know, change that mindset to think AI first, and then B to figure out how do I get the best results from whatever the best tools and methodologies are that are out there. And so that's, that's what we're building. And, you know, you, you came to mind and I said, you know what, I know somebody that might be interested in, in doing something like this.
00:16:13 Speaker 3 
So is it essentially like a high-level AI coach helping you using AI, right? Just let me kind of speak out loud, because what do people do when they use AI? They use it to summarize a call? I'm not sure if AI is the right use case, but they do.
00:16:36 Travis 
